# METHOD /api/hello/world/:testparam

Provide a small description about what this route does.

## Access Requirements

- Any client may access this route.
- Any authenticated client presenting a valid access token may access this route.
- Authenticated client must present a valid access token, and must be an `ADMIN` or `USER` role.

## Middleware

1. middleware/session.verifySessionAndRole(["ADMIN", "USER"])
2. middleware/validator(validators/example.validationSchema)
3. handlers/example.handlerFunction

## Request

Note: Inputs listed here pertain to this route's handler function only; additional inputs may be necessary for the middleware functions.

### Headers

|Header|Value|Optional|
|-|-|-|
|Content-Type|"application/json"|No|

### Params

|Param|Type|Value|
|-|-|-|
|testparam|Integer|Test param.|

### Query

|Key|Type|Value|Optional|
|-|-|-|-|
|testquery|Integer|Test query.|Yes|

### Body

Should be a JSON object containing the following keys:

|Key|Type|Value|Optional|
|-|-|-|-|
|testObject|Object|This is a test object.|No|
|testObjectArray|[Object]|This is a test object array.|Yes|

The `testObject` object should contain the following keys:

|Key|Type|Value|Optional|
|-|-|-|-|
|thisInt|Integer|This is a test integer.|No|

The `testObjectArray` object array should contain the following keys in each element:

|Key|Type|Value|Optional|
|-|-|-|-|
|thisInt|Integer|This is a test integer.|No|

## Response

Note: Responses listed here pertain to this route's handler function only; additional responses may be generated by the middleware functions.

### 200 OK

A `200 OK` is sent when the controller has successfully processed the request.  The response body will be blank.

### 500 Internal Server Error

A `500 Internal Server Error` will be returned with a JSON object in the response body containing information about the error:

|Key|Type|Value|
|-|-|-|
|error|String|Error flag.|

The following errors are possible:

|Error Flag|Description|
|-|-|
|ERROR_OCCURED|An error occured.|